Mom, are you okay, Xiaoqing?
Sister, you are here
Xiaoqing, go quickly
Xiao Hai, he has gone crazy
Shut up
You stinky woman
Brother, what are you doing?
are you crazy
wind
Hahaha how I feel now
Very good
I can do whatever I want now
no one can stop me
Speak well if you have something to say
Let mom go first
Speak well
Do you think I am a three-year-old child?
In my hometown, I only have you in my eyes
You are the only child in his eyes
I am the shame of the Xu family
Fifth Brother, I have never thought of it this way.
I just can't figure it out
You're not just a pretty person
Just a slut
In what way am I inferior to you?
Ah, put the knife down first
Is there anything we can talk about?
Have a good chat
What to talk about
What's there to talk about?
I am now
I just want you to pay a little price
Mom, are you alright, Xiaoqing?
Sister, you are here.
Xiaoqing hurry up
Xiaohai has gone crazy
You shut up
You stinky woman
Brother, what are you doing?
Are you crazy?
wind
Hahaha how I feel now
Very good
I can do whatever I want now.
No one can stop me
Have something to say
You let go of mom first
Say it well
Do you think I am a three-year-old child?
I only have eyes for you in this hometown
He only has eyes for you as a child
I am the shame of the Xu family
Fifth brother, I never thought of it that way
I can't figure it out
You are just a little prettier
Just a slut
How can I compare to you?
Ah, put the knife down first
Is there anything we can talk about?
Have a good chat
What to talk about
What is there to talk about?
I am now
I just want you to pay a little price.